add(mc): new applications-veeam-wsman MC (#3174)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/applications-veeam-wsman.md

---
id: applications-veeam-wsman
title: Veeam WSMAN
---
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Pack assets

### Templates

The Monitoring Connector **Veeam WSMAN** brings a host template:

* **App-Veeam-WSMAN-custom**

The connector brings the following service templates (sorted by the host template they are attached to):

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="App-Veeam-WSMAN-custom" label="App-Veeam-WSMAN-custom">

| Service Alias | Service Template                    | Service Description                     |
|:--------------|:------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------|
| Job-Status    | App-Veeam-Job-Status-WSMAN-custom   | Monitor the statuses of the backup jobs |
| Licenses      | App-Veeam-Licenses-WSMAN-custom     | Monitor licenses                        |
| Repositories  | App-Veeam-Repositories-WSMAN-custom | Monitor backup repositories             |

> | Tape-Jobs     | App-Veeam-Tape-Jobs-WSMAN-custom    | Monitor job tape status                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Tape-Jobs     | App-Veeam-Tape-Jobs-WSMAN-custom    | Monitor the status of tape jobs             |
```

### Using a service template provided by the connector

1. If you have used a host template and checked **Create Services linked to the Template too**, the services linked to the template have been created automatically, using the corresponding service templates. Otherwise, [create manually the services you want](/docs/monitoring/basic-objects/services) and apply a service template to them.
2. Fill in the macros you want (e.g. to change the thresholds for the alerts). Some macros are mandatory (see the table below).

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Job-Status" label="Job-Status">

| Macro           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                       | Default value                                       | Mandatory   |
|:----------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------|:-----------:|

> | FILTERENDTIME   | Filter job with end time greater than current time less value in seconds (Default: 86400)                                                                                                         | 86400                                               |             |

Reviewer: less?

| FILTERNAME      | Filter job name (can be a regexp)                                                                                                                                                                 |                                                     |             |

> | FILTERSTARTTIME | Filter job with start time greater than current time less value in seconds                                                                                                                        |                                                     |             |

Reviewer: less?

<TabItem value="Licenses" label="Licenses">

| Macro                             | Description                                                                                                                                   | Default value                    | Mandatory   |
|:----------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------|:-----------:|
| FILTERTO                          | Filter licenses by person/organization (can be a regexp)                                                                                      |                                  |             |
| FILTERTYPE                        | Filter licenses by type (can be a regexp)                                                                                                     |                                  |             |
| FILTERSTATUS                      | Filter licenses by status (can be a regexp)                                                                                                   |                                  |             |

> | UNIT                              | Select the unit for expires threshold. May be 's' for seconds,'m' for minutes, 'h' for hours, 'd' for days, 'w' for weeks. Default is seconds |                                  |             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| UNIT                              | Select the unit for expired thresholds. May be 's' for seconds,'m' for minutes, 'h' for hours, 'd' for days, 'w' for weeks. Default is seconds |                                  |             |
```
